# GET Route
In the HTTP protocol there is something called a GET request. A GET request is
used when you want to retrieve data from the backend. The only parameters regarding 
what will be returned are part of the URL as shown in the example below.

```py
from fastapi import FastAPI

app = FastAPI()


@app.get("/")
def root():
    return {"message": "Web web web"}


namn = ["Gustav", "Tobias", 2]


@app.get("/name/{id}")
def getName(id: int):
    return {"name": namn[id]}
```

This is two types of GET routes. In the first one, the same thing is always returned
and you can't change anything. 

In the second one there is a so called *path parameter*. In this case `id`

```py 
@app.get("/name/{id}")
def getName(id: int):
``` 
This is a way to send some more information to the GET route. `id` can be ween in two places.
The first one is in the route where it is surrounded by `{}`. This tells the framework, this route accepts a path parameter of name id. The second place is in the function as a parameter. This parameter is assigned the value which we'll use. For instance, a GET request to `/name/123` will make the framework run `getName(id=123)`.    

Because type checking is strict we need to define what type we expect `id` to be.

## Tasks
1. Create a Python `dictionary` (also known as map in Java) whith some keys and values.

2. Create a GET route where you send the key as a path parameter

3. Create a GET route where you send the entire dictionary

## Hints
1. You define a dictionary as 

```py 
a = {
    "key" : value, 
    "key2": value2
}
``` 

2. You define the path parameter on two places and remember the type

3. Compare to the first GET route

## Solution
 
```py 

from fastapi import FastAPI

app = FastAPI()


dictionary = {
    "favvomat" : "Bönor", 
    "favvoskämt": "KnackKnack"
}


@app.get("/dict/{key}")
def getValue(key: str):
    return dictionary[key]

@app.get("/dict")
def getDict():
    return dictionary
``` 