# Exam

Are you a cool backend-hacker-AI-quantum-Bitcoin-spoder?

Try to build your own mini-server according to specifications below.

Checkout the `exam` branch and create your own local branch
i.e. `exam-gunilla`.

Good luck!

## Objects and attributes

Define the following SQLAlchemy models:

- Teacher
  - id: int
  - name: string
  - students (relationship)
- Student
  - id: int
  - year: int
  - teachers (relationship)
  - books (relationship)
  - card_pin: int
- Book
  - id: int
  - consumed_by_dog: bool
  - student (relationship)
  - student_id (ForeignKey)

## Schemas

Create Pydantic schemas to specify what request body your routes should accept and what `response_model` shall be returned.

`Student.card_pin` and `Book.student_id` are considered secret fields which must be filtered out of any response our server gives the client.

Note that the id's of database object are defined when we add them with `db.add()` and `db.commit()`. POST request bodies shall not include any id field. Therefore your 'Create' schemas shall not include any `id` field.

## Relations

- One Student shall have many Books.
- One Book is not required to have a Student.
- Students and Teachers shall be related as Many to Many.

## Routes

Create the following routes.

### POST

- `/students`: Create a student with appropriate data.
- `/books`: Create a Book with appropriate data.
- `/teachers`: Create a Teacher with appropriate data.

### GET

- `/teachers`: Get all Teachers.
- `/teachers/{teacher_id}`: Get Teacher with id of `teacher_id`.

### PATCH

- `/books/{book_id}`: Set the `consumed_by_dog` status of the book with id `book_id` to a boolean supplied in request body.
- `/borrow-book`: Assign a book to a student, both with id's given in the body.
- `/pair-up`: Pair up a student and teacher with id's given in request body. You should only need to append one to the other, i.e. you need not do both `student.teachers.append(...)` and `teacher.students.append(..)`.

### DELETE

- `/student/{student_id}`: Delete student and remove any of this student's books that have been `consumed_by_dog`.
